IndiGo	
 Bar Code
Call 0 99 10 38 38 38 or +91 124 6613838	INTERGLOBE AVIATION LTD.(INDIGO), GlobalBusiness Park, Gurgaon, Haryana, India.
IndiGo Passenger(s)		
1. Mr Animesh Roy
IndiGo Flight(s)
Date	Departs	Check-in/Bag drop closes	From	To	Via	Flight	Dep Terminal	Arrives
07Oct16	14:55	14:10	Raipur	Delhi	 	6E  204	  	16:35
Boarding gate closes 25/45 minutes prior to the scheduled time of departure for domestic/international sectors.
Booking Reference	Numeric Booking ID	Status	Date of Booking *	Payment Status
MBVDMG	250308072513	CONFIRMED	30Sep16 
19:30:09 (UTC)	Approved
* Booking Date reflects in UTC(Coordinated Universal Time), all other timings mentioned are as per Local Time.

Price Summary	Contact Information
Airfare Charges	INR	
3 , 170 .00
Arrival User Development Fee (UDFA)	INR	
477 .00
Government Service Tax	INR	
178 .00
Passenger Service Fee (PSF)	INR	
239 .00
Convenience Fee Net Banking (CCFD)	INR	
75 .00
Swachh Bharat Cess (SBCT)	INR	
6 .00
Krishi Kalyan Cess(KKCT)	INR	
6 .00
Total Fare	INR	
4 , 151 . 00
Address :Flat-No 256,Pocket-1,Sector-19,Dwarka
Phone : 91*8750644976
Alt Phone : 91*9630803639
Email : animeshroy93@gmail.com
Note:
Please treat this as a valid invoice for the purpose of service tax.
PSF/UDF/ADF are collected on behalf of the Airport Authority of India (AAI). In case of no-show, you can claim the taxes on www.goindigo.in
International : Tax on passenger transport is collected @ 14% (effective 1st June 2015) with an abatement of 60%. In case of a continuous journey, applicable service tax is collected on the whole journey, if the passenger embarks from India.
Domestic : Tax on passenger transport is collected @ 14% (effective 1st June 2015) with an abatement of 60%. On other services, service tax is collected @ 14% (effective 1st June 2015) with an abatement of 60% wherever applicable.
Airfare Charges include Base Fare, Fuel Charge, CUTE Charge and Agency Commission payable to travel agents (if applicable).
W.e.f 5th Nov 2015, on behalf of GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited, we will be collecting a User Development Fee (UDF) of Rs 490/Rs 1938 per passenger for domestic/international departure ex- Hyderabad. In addition, the Passenger Service Fee (PSF) has been revised to Rs 228 per departing passenger.
Swachh Bharat Cess: W.e.f. 15th November 2015, the Swachh Bharat Cess @0.5% with an abatement of 60% (wherever applicable), is collected on passenger transport and other services (if any).
Krishi Kalyan Cess: W.e.f. 01st June 2016, the Krishi Kalyan Cess @0.5% with an abatement of 60% (wherever applicable), is collected on passenger transport and other services (if any).
Regular Fare Sector: Raipur - Delhi
25 kg (Domestic) Check-in Baggage
7 kg Hand Baggage including duty free items.
Refer to Conditions of Carriage for change/cancellation fee and detailed T&Cs.
See Fare Rules for detailed T&Cs.
Services
Raipur - Delhi	-	-	-	-
Mr. Animesh Roy Seat 25F STUD
Terms and Conditions
Must Read:
RESTRICTIONS ON CARRIAGE
Passengers are requested to carry Power Banks, Samsung Note 7 & Note 2 mobile phones in their hand baggage. These items are not allowed to be carried inside checked luggage. Also these mobile phones are not to be used or charged on-board.
We recommend you check-in AT LEAST 2 Hours prior to departure for domestic sectors and AT LEAST 3 Hours prior to departure for international sectors.
Please complete the check-in including bag drop formalities 75min (international sector) / 45min (domestic sector) prior to departure. Failure to do so will result in your booking being cancelled and the fares and surcharges retained. Report early for hassle free check-in.
Boarding gates close 25 minutes prior to the scheduled time of departure for domestic sectors and 45 minutes prior to the scheduled time for international sectors. Please report at your departure gate at the indicated boarding time. Any passenger failing to report in time, may be refused boarding privileges.
For all international flights, we accept USD/GBP/EUR or the currency of destination (except INR) for on-board purchases. INR up to denomination 500 is accepted on Kathmandu flights. This is as per Indian regulations.
One Hand baggage weighing not more that 7kgs (including the Laptop), with an additional restriction on maximum dimension - length 55cm + width 35cm + height 25cm respectively is allowed. In the event where a hand bag is over-sized or over-weight, IndiGo may require transfer of Hand Baggage to the Baggage compartment of the aircraft prior to take-off, at applicable excess baggage rates.
Free Checked In Baggage Allowance for all pieces combined is 15Kg ( Domestic ) / 20 Kg (International). Free checked in baggage allowance for travel to and from Dubai and Muscat is up to 30kgs per adult and child. This allowance does not apply to Infants.
For Infants valid birth certificate is required.
General:
Check-in at www.goIndiGo.in is available. This service is not available for international travel and customers with infants or groups.
Changes/cancellations are permitted more than two (2) hours prior to scheduled departure and (four (4) hours for international sectors) with payment of change/cancellation fee and difference in fare if applicable.
A security search is compulsory.
A valid photo id, in original, is required for each person travelling. For foreign nationals, only passport, in original, will be considered as a valid photo id. For detailed terms and conditions, log on to www.goIndiGo.in
Check Your Flight Timings: To know the flight status on the day of departure, contact our 24 X 7 call centre departure, contact our 24 X 7 call centre or logon to our website or mobile app (available on iPhone, Windows, Android and Blackberry), or send an sms to 566772 in the following format: "ST[space]3 digit flight number[space]departure date of flight as ddmm". For example: to know the status for 6E-333 for 11th February send "ST 333 1102" to 566772.
Indian Nationals travelling to and from Kathmandu are required to carry either Passport or Voter’s Id Card only as their valid photo Id, no other photo Id will be considered as valid.
Airfare Charges include Base Fare, Fuel Charge, CUTE Charge and Agency Commission payable to travel agents (if applicable).
Passengers going to UAE/ Oman from India on tourist/ employment visas require an 'OK TO BOARD' comment in their PNR. Please check with your visa issuing agency.
Name changes are not permitted on your booking.
Hot and cold food and beverages as shown in the Food and Beverage Menu may be purchased on board, subject to their availability. For flights below 60 minutes flying time hot food or beverages will not be offered. On select flights below 30 minutes flying time only limited snacks (cookies and nuts) and water will be offered.
LED / LCD TVs of more than 39" in size will be charged. Refer to www.goIndiGo.in.
This booking is governed by IndiGo's fare rules and Conditions of Carriage that are available from Airport Counters, IndiGo Shops or www.goIndiGo.in
Flight schedules are subject to change and approval by authorities.
IndiGo reserves the right to deny boarding if credit card information is not supplied at check-in.
Hot Food and Beverages shall not be served on short sector flights.
Due to airport security regulations, no Hand Baggage is allowed on any flights from Jammu and Srinagar airports.
Terminal Information:
International Terminal Information: For international flights, IndiGo will operate from the following terminals airports: New Delhi - Terminal 3, IGIA; Mumbai - International Terminal, CSIA; Dubai - Terminal 1, Dubai International Airport; Bangkok - Suvarnabhumi Airport; Singapore - Terminal 2, Changi Airport; Kathmandu - Tribuvan International Airport; Muscat - Muscat International Airport. Chennai - International Terminal, Chennai International Airport; Hyderabad - International Terminal, RGIA; Kolkata - Terminal II, Kolkata International Airport; Kochi - International Terminal, Kochi International Airport and Thiruvananthapuram - International Terminal, Thiruvananthapuram.
IndiGo flights from Delhi to Singapore departs from Terminal 1D. In case a passenger is arriving into Delhi from a country other than India and is further booked on a Delhi to Singapore flight,he/she must make their own necessary visa arrangements for transit within Delhi since there will be a change of terminal upon arrival into Delhi(i.e. from terminal 3 to terminal 1D).
Domestic Terminal Information:
Thiruvananthapuram - Effective 01st Mar 2016, IndiGo operations for flight no. 6E-103 (Pune/Bengaluru to Thiruvananthapuram) and 6E-408 (Thiruvananthapuram to Bengaluru/Pune) will be carried out of the International Terminal (TB-2), Chakkai, Thiruvananthapuram -695024.
Chandigarh - New Civil Air Terminal.
Flight Delays Reschedule or Cancellations
At any time after a Booking has been made, we may change our schedules and/or cancel, terminate, divert, postpone, reschedule or delay any flight where we reasonably consider this to be justified by circumstances beyond our control, or for reasons of safety, or for commercial reasons. Circumstances beyond IndiGo's control can include, without limitation, weather, air traffic control, mechanical failures, acts of terrorism, acts of nature, force majeure, strikes, riots, wars, hostilities, disturbances, governmental regulations, orders, demands or requirements, shortages of critical manpower, parts or materials, labour unrest etc. If an IndiGo flight is cancelled, rescheduled or delayed for more than two hours (depending on the length of the journey), a Customer shall have the right to choose a refund; or a credit for future travel on IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost (subject to availability); subject to the requirements under the local laws of the country in which the flight has been cancelled, rescheduled or delayed.
In the special case where a subsequent portion of an IndiGo flight is cancelled while a Customer is already in transit, such a Customer shall have the right to choose to remain at the transit station and to be re-booked onto an alternative IndiGo flight to the final destination at no additional cost subject to availability; or to remain at the transit station and accept a partial refund for the portion of the flight not completed; or to return to the point of origin and receive a refund; or a credit for future travel on IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost subject to availability. We strongly recommend all Customers to provide correct phone numbers and email address, to enable us to inform them of flight delays or cancellations in unforeseen cases. Customers who have not provided valid contact information at the time of Booking may not be entitled for any compensation. Contact our call centre (0) 99 10 38 38 38 or +91 124 6613838 if you have any queries.